I was very powerful.
As soon as I became the commander, Commander Yamaguchi was on the stage.
I think I've been given all the credit for being the commander.
I have nothing more to say.
We were both born in the Republic and we met in this battle.
I'm glad I was able to fulfill my duty.
I want to protect His Majesty and the people of the country.
I don't want to see any differences between the commander's voice and his attitude.
But I can see the strong emotions of the soldiers who are going through the ranks of the soldiers.
The quarters are owe it to you.
Because you will be in the fire and I'm the gold played by theEC.
Today I surrender.
I want to thank you all.
I think your good leaving me and your Hasmaii clan.
In the admits area was different we had so many roll-callers.
We could not fill the air well even when we had been on the lines.
But, just like this man was on the guard,
My soldiers had had some training of us all.
Our planes at the front soldiers were opportunity-based,
At that time, the crew was already looking for the
whereabouts of the commander of the Yamaguchi ship.
The captain gathered the captains and said that he wanted to stay with the ship.
The captain said that he couldn't go to the port.
He said that he was responsible for the ship and the fate of the ship.
The captain said that he would not allow the other crew to go.
The war was just beginning.
The battle of the 100 ships waiting for the end of the war was endless.
The captain said that he would make the best of the war and make a strong navy.
He would beat the enemy and the enemy to the ground.
He wanted the ship to work hard.
The captain said that he would make the best of the war and make a strong navy.
He said that he would make the best of the war and make a strong navy.
The captain said that he would not say no and would answer firmly.
He was just nodding.
Many men of the agencies were travelling in SDE and camped and hid.
He found himself in shutter to substitute W порo, leaving his trolleys to indicate that he was tren stirring at all.
He found himself in shutter to substitute W poro, leaving his trolleys to indicate that he was tren stirring at all.
Where there is a Zak inclined dated with long wind It on the 20th, there is a
where there is a Zak inclined dated with long wind it on the 20th, they see new
where there is a Zak inclined dated with long wind it on the 20th, there is a